gh-89013: Improve the performance of methodcaller (lazy version) (#107201)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-08-16-17-52-26.bpo-44850.r8jx5u.rst

> Improve performance of ``operator.methodcaller`` by use of the the vectorcall protocol. Patch by Anthony Lee and Pieter Eendebak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performance of :func:`operator.methodcaller` using the :pep:`590` ``vectorcall`` convention.
Patch by Anthony Lee and Pieter Eendebak.
```
